I'm not afraid of you may God I'll get
out of town not no wait he already did
that actually you've got a lot of nerve
blaming me this was your fault my fault
think back you're the one who let
himself get strung up by the man on the
street ten years ago Vox Populi man I
were the old end with a new brighter
meaner next year's model that's what the
hungry crowd always wants hell they were
calling you old-fashioned when I was a
teenager world's oldest Boy Scout
she wouldn't change you wouldn't flex
with the Tigers ten years ago the Daily
Planet even asked if that's why the
Joker got so many notches in his belt
when he blew into our town remember I
remember how many did he kill the last
time when he broke into the Daily Planet
building itself
how many 92 men and one woman her name
was Lois hell we both tore up the city
looking for that bastard I really
thought you were Batman would hit to him
first
even I almost missed him almost Joker no
more
I will never forget the look on your
face when you saw me standing over that
smoking creep arrest him arrest magog
for murder on way to the jail I thought
what a SAP what an old woman blue boys
dragging me in for having the stones he
doesn't times are tough
joke had been deserving worse than cuffs
for years so I took it upon myself to
lay him down I can't be judged for that
people agreed with me I became a hero
but you just wouldn't roll with the
punches you had to get in the last shot
and piss me off
I wanted the torch passed I wanted to
submit my claim as metropolis is new
number one boy I asked for a title bunk
between you and me and I won by default
when you flew off with your cape between
your legs
never got a piece of you but now you're
right here right where I want you you
know soups the way you took off I always
thought you were afraid of me
a lot of people did but that wasn't it
you were afraid that I was the man of
tomorrow you were afraid of the future I
represented well look around you this is
what I represent you must be proud proud
route
god damn you
proud of being the man of tomorrow your
fault
- bastard the world changed you would
they chose me
they chose the man who would kill over
the man who wouldn't and now they're
dead a million ghosts punish me lock me
away
kill me you just play the ghost go away
Cal that blast was so powerful are you
I'm fine Diana but I do fear for the
future you were right we are at war wait
Spectre wait you're taking me away from
the scene too soon I follow your lead
okay but I need to see Superman's
reaction what did he mean by we are at
war time folds and a new structure rises
from the ash and fields of Kansas it is
an invention of necessity it it looks
like a prison a stronghold of Justice
he's doing it Superman's doing it he's
building the gulag Wonder Woman asked
for but it seems unwise it contains so
much power and fury under one roof and
yet what choice does Superman have it is
a question he will ask himself a hundred
times in the days to come
meanwhile an ungodly fellowship has
begun to manifest one that may change
all that we know thus
we're back in the boardroom of Lex Corp
gentlemen and dear Selina a pleasure to
have you all here again you seem
especially chipper this morning Lex and
well I should be
although the true kudos go to our
colleagues you for sure he has some most
interesting connections the details are
unimportant the result is what matters
Luthor quite right quite right well let
us all congratulate you fast for
negotiating the one union that may yet
make the world safe for mankind friends
I present to you our newest ally in the
war against the guards oh hello
I never thought I'd see you in my office
what do you think of the place I've been
in your office several times over the
years with her and just haven't seen me
to eat where I they've begun to build a
gulag
you know this I know that I don't want
to spend my remaining days there I can
hardly believe you're here
if I'd known that a common enemy would
bring us together I would have invented
one years ago this must be killing given
the circumstances what choice do I have
but to throw in with Lex Luthor alone
neither you nor I can expect victory but
together we can bring down that Justice
League once and for all
you